Iris
Feature List
(mostly final)

Priority:
1		Must have
2		Should have
3		Nice to have
4		Not required

==Priority 1 / 2==
1. InstaPlace Mode
Iris will have a setting that allows adding track points to be similar to Monsoon's Hypo TC Track Maker and the Legacy Track Maker; this will be accomplished by a global place mode setting. When InstaPlace is on, categories will be controlled by keys; these keys will be dynamically generated from the first letter of the second word of the category name - or in the case of the category name only having one word - the first word.

2. Temporary File Management
Iris will have APIs for temporary file management. These will be used for the new ATCF importer (ATCF2Tproj) and ExportUI. It will be independent of any UI and can be called right from the start of the program (currently App.xaml.cs). 
3. Delete Old Logs Setting
Logs will be moved to the Temp folder and copied to the main folder in the event of a crash.
Priscilla creates a log every single time it is started and as a result of this pollutes its installatio folder. Iris will wipe all old logs by defaul; a setting will be added 
4. Graphing
5. Point dragging
6. Help 
7. Componentisation:
Move non-UI-specific (MainWindow) code to TrackMaker.Core.dll (TrackMaker.Core namespace)
DanoUI.dll => TrackMaker.UI.dll
Dano.ACECalculator.dll => TrackMaker.ACECalculator.dll
Dano.AdvisoryGenerator.dll => TrackMaker.AdvisoryGenerator.dll
8. Change binding system for layers to use layer objects for proper ListView binding and eliminate most 2.0 hacks; generally eliminate string binding for most things
9. Refactor RenderManager to use the current basin information and not the v0.x remnant that currently exists
10. ATCF/HURDAT2 loading improvements
11. Rewrite ATCF/HURDAT2 importers to convert to TProj2 
12. Internal state cohesion: show no basin by default until project created. 
13. Start Page: Add a start page that allows the user to get started immediately before initialising any basin.
14: Updater: Improve the updater's error toleration. 
15. Allow previews to be toggleable in settings for those with slow disks (so you don't have to write several megabytes every time the export window is opened)
16. Port remaining UI to TrackMaker.UI
17. XGA7 compress (when XGA is ready) default basins to reduce download size.
18. Restructure the entire program for flexibility and improve code design.
19. Map scrolling, allows a global map. Implement using an extension of the present panning system.
20. Extend Image export to allow for all formats to be used.
21. XML Serialisation
All XML loaders will be rewritten to use schemas and serialisation. This will assist with code quality (the TProj2 importer is a mess.) 
22. Add default window style setting to settings page.
23. Dynamic scaling
24. Optional pressure display
25. Project naming
Allow the naming of projects.
26. TScript + Autoexec.xml [Tentative]
The Track Maker will support a basic scripting format called TScript. It will allow the user to dynamically configure the Track Maker at any point, as well as customising any part ona  set of predefined user actions. It will also support limited UI creation (adding buttons to the Menu) and opening up windows. Probably going to fully become available in 3.0; I haven't decided if I should do this.

Autoexec.xml is a file that will allow you to run a particular set of TScript commands at startup. It is combined with Init.tsc, a TScript setting fundamental TrackMaker variables.
==Priority 3==
27. Start Page
28. Coordinate saving
Have a setting that would modify the Track Maker to use cooerdinate positions at all times; this would allow easy export to ATCF / HURDAT2 and also allow coordinate support to be added to TProj2.
29. "Storm View"
Monsoon simulator style storm view. 